introducing ramp bill pay ucsv export
for customers using ucsv and uploading
it to their
Erp in our accounting tab we find the
bill pay subtab here we can see an
overview of both Bill expenses and
payments let's select all and prepare to
export from here we can jump into CSV
export settings and dictate how we would
like our CSV files to look
now bills and payments are exported
separately and can have their own CSV
template furthermore ramp offers a
preview of both bills being exported
payments that will be exported and all
Associated
vendors when ready we can go ahead and
Export rample download two separate CSV
files one for
expenses the other for payments